And that's it for this course section.
In this course section, we got started with artifacts,
which are these assets that are often produced by jobs
that should be shared or analyzed.
Things like the files you would deploy for a website
or test log files or binaries or anything like that.
These assets are referred to as artifacts or job artifacts
and Git up actions provides you
with actions that help you upload those artifacts
and download them in other jobs.
Alternatively, you can also access
and download them manually,
via the GitHub website or its REST API.
Now, besides these files and folders, these artifacts,
you also sometimes have simple values
that should be shared across steps or jobs,
and that would be those outputs.
You share them in your steps
with help of the set output command
that's provided by GitHub.
So this set output command you use together
with echo and the run instruction
and then jobs can pick up and share these step outputs
with help of the steps context in the outputs key
that's defined in your job definition.
And other jobs can then use these job outputs by other jobs
via the needs context as you saw.
And then there also is caching.
Caching helps use speed up repeated slow steps
like for example, installing and managing dependencies
of your project.
This is a very typical use case,
but of course, any files and folders can be cached.
The cache Action provided by GitHub automatically stores
and updates to cache for you
based on the cache key which you provide,
which of course should change
whenever your cache must update.
Now what's important is that
you should not use caching for your artifacts.
So don't mistake artifacts with cacheable files
or anything like that.
Caching is for things like dependencies.
It's there to speed up your workflows.
Artifacts on the upper hand is for the output files
produced by your workflows
so the results you are interested in.